Benedict clearly responsible for the offer
auchan for whom live here is our
new range of tablets with two
formats that we have privileged the
8-inch format which is a format that
we feel more readable than the 7
inches but that remains a format of
very very strong mobility
you have the formats the 9 inch format
is that is the standard format for
surf on her couch you have 2 tab and
black in 8 inches and in 9 inches is
that they are in dual core you have them
two white tablets that are safe from
quad core the tablet the tablet 9 or 7
having in addition the characteristic of having
a premium screen y ps of course
the whole of the connection allows to
connect these tablets to his computer
in a universe that is android since
these are certified android tablets
google 4.2 which allows updates
automatic
we have the opportunity to be able to
add memory up to 64
gigabyte allowing rank and
tablet according to his needs and
it was important for us to propose
this opportunity to keep me
things because some certain
some users need
a lot of memory but we did not have
want to make everyone pay for a memory
which might not be used
you have
for now, you have a movie that has
been made with the sports camera that
live that shows that this screen is enough
qualitative and the sports camera that
live which is full hd is also very
very friendly of use is this
that there is a software offer at
product launch
we have made ourselves accessible
the entire universe android and for
the moment we did not develop any
of particular applications yes your games
this case partnerships planned or with
like they look like gameloft or
things like that for games we we
are we are planning on
tablets for children with a universe
of play that will be very specific
these tablets there who are
qualitative and heard with with its
tablets there that are more tablets
adult teens
we give access to the set of
the android universe in terms of game
availability and therefore prices
all of the tablets are now
available in store prices range from
149 euros for this one to 249 euros for
this tablet this tablet so
quad-core 8 inches your 179 euros the
9 inch tablet is dual core your 169
euros in auchan stores and on
auchan.fr